Create ui-c8y-1019-20-1-calendar-in-dropdown-appended-to-body-so-it-does-not-get.md (#1929)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1019-20-1-calendar-in-dropdown-appended-to-body-so-it-does-not-get.md

---
date: ""

> title: Calendar dropdown is now appended to body to avoid being cut off

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Calendar dropdown is no longer being cut off
```

> title: Calendar in dropdown appended to body so it does not get cut off. [GRAFT][release/cd]

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Calendar dropdown is now appended to body to avoid being cut off
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-3504
version: 1019.20.1
---

> Calendar in dropdown appended to body so it does not get cut off. [GRAFT][release/cd]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, the calendar dropdown in forms could sometimes be partially hidden or cut off, making it difficult for users to select dates. This issue has been resolved by appending the calendar dropdown to the document body instead of the form. Users will now see the full calendar dropdown when selecting dates in forms, allowing them to easily choose the desired date without any visual obstructions.
```

> Calendar in dropdown appended to body so it does not get cut off. [GRAFT][release/cd]

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In certain scenarios, the calendar dropdown was getting cut off when there was not enough space available below the input field. To address this issue, the calendar dropdown is now appended to the body instead of the input field. This change ensures that the calendar is always fully visible and accessible to users, regardless of the available space below the input field. The impact of this change is an improved user experience when selecting dates using the calendar dropdown.
```

Reviewer 2: Not needed amount of descriptions.

Reviewer: I disagree :-). The one sentence is not sufficient, it just repeats the title (and has [GRAFT][release/cd] at the end which should not be there. The AI suggestion includes what we need, that is, the context, the change and the impact. I would remove the last sentence, this is really a bit too much, but leave the rest.
